Update summary for Kaustubh's project (#237)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/204/content.adoc

	** This project led to a very informative and fun discussion with Kaustubh, Darshit Suratwala, Harsh Kapadia and others.
		*** Kaustubh's project's high level project architecture
			**** In his project, Kaustubh is using Terraform to provision the overarching AWS infrastructure (AWS EKS cluster service and all other AWS services).
			**** He then uses Helm charts to define Kubernetes addons inside the provisioned AWS EKS infrastructure.
			**** Instead of using Helm CLI or ArgoCD to provision the Helm charts for Kubernetes addons, Kaustubh uses Terraform to deploy the Helm charts.

> 				***** According to Kaustubh, this is the better way to automate Helm chart deployments if you want to stick to Infrastructure as Code (IaC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				***** According to Kaustubh, this is the better way to automate Helm chart deployments if one wants to stick to Infrastructure as Code (IaC).
```

> 				***** ArgoCD is not used for Kubernetes addons because the helm charts use Terraform outputs as inputs to the chart definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				***** ArgoCD is not used for Kubernetes addons because the Helm charts use Terraform outputs as inputs to the chart definition.
```
